hey are you ready for a session oh yeah
hey gorgeous they did look at that the
first session with Brendan is going
really well and learning the basics has
been very hard just balancing on on
those shoes actually I'm struggling a
little bit with but yeah I'm looking
forward to it I think we're getting
along very very well there's no pressure
at this stage that's all I think
everybody will be going through the
honeymoon period but I enjoy a company
big bonus and we seem to have a bit of
fun together
I don't want to be too serious during
the training sessions because it can
become quite difficult I don't think I
could do something half-heartedly I
don't think it's in my nature to do
something by halves
I'm really enjoying the process but I
will still be hard on myself no rubbish
no just it is fine take all what feeling
that I forget everything else good it
means you're focused no it's not focused
it's been a numpty Holly being a woolly
one way if I went away from training
saying it was rubbish
that would be very usual for me nobody
should start getting concerned it's just
because I'll focus on that things I got
wrong and trying to improve Victoria's
you know Drive and dedication I can't
see us going wrong and the dancing can
be what it will be as long as she's
dedicated and determined in the studio
I'm gonna be there
happiest young dancer in the country I
have got a lot of work to do over the
next couple of weeks so I am glad that
Brendan is up for that